Natures Aura (#276)
CraftTweaker/CraftTweaker-Documentation: docs/Mods/Natures_Aura/Ritual_Of_The_Forest.md

# Ritual of the Forest

## Package
```zenscript
mods.naturesaura.TreeRitual
```

## Methods
- **String Name**
- **[IIngredient](/Vanilla/Variable_Types/IIngredient) saplingType** The item representation of the sapling that needs to be placed and grown into a tree
- **[IItemStack](/Vanilla/Items/IItemStack) output** The rituals result

> - **init time** The time processes take in ticks

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **init time** The time the process takes in ticks
```

> - **[IIngredient](/Vanilla/Variable_Types/IIngredient) items** The required items fro the ritual

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **[IIngredient[]](/Vanilla/Variable_Types/IIngredient) items** The required items for the ritual
```
